Presumptuous
I would love to.
Why do you still want to kill people in Guozi Sword?
I'd like to see if you have the guts
entrance
Teacher teacher is
This is Lord Li from the Criminal Department to clarify
Why don't you apologize to Lord Li soon?
Student Zheng Qing met Lord Li
I don't know how much I offended Lord Li just arrived.
Don't take offense
Material people are not to blame
This kid surnamed Zheng is finished
Are you the front man who solved the arson case?
Lord Hui is under
Sure enough, he is a talented person.
What's there to be proud of?
After all, he is still a waste with no money and no power
I hear you two want to despise
I just want to see it too
Which of the outstanding students and mud legs between these fruits is of higher quality?